feat: reduce bundle size in combination with icons (#1238)
siemens/ix: BREAKING_CHANGES.md

# Breaking Changes

## v3.0.0

### Remove package from from library `@siemens/ix-icon`

TODO: Rewrite this section to explain what is the impact of this change.

- If you using angular/react/vue nothing changes
- If you are using core package (@siemens/ix) you have to bootstrap the ix-icons on your own (see ix-icons repo for installation instruction or add this also to the icons documentation)

#### Usage of icons inside  `@siemens/ix-react` and  `@siemens/ix-vue` changed

TODO: Rewrite this section to be more precise about what has to be adapted

- Naming imports like `<IxIcon name="star" /> are not supported any more. (Reducing bundle size and chunk loading)
- Can be still used if the svg are provided as assets see angular installation

Import the icon you want
```tsx
import { iconStar } from '@siemens/ix-icons/icons';
```

React/Vue:
```tsx
<IxIcon name={iconStar} />
```

#### Installation instruction of `@siemens/ix-angular` changed

TODO: Rewrite this section to be more precise about what has to be adapted

> - Naming imports like `<ix-icon name="star"></ix-icon>` requires a additional configuration entry inside the `angular.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use imports by name (e.g. `<ix-icon name="star"></ix-icon>`) an additional configuration entry is required inside of `angular.json`:
```

> Configuration
> ```json
> {
>   "glob": "**/*.svg",
>   "input": "node_modules/@siemens/ix-icons/svg",
>   "output": "./svg"
> }
> ```
> 
> Add to assets property inside the `angular.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
